hello you so here we are with a quick
hands-on with the motorola defy mini now
the defy range has been a very popular
handset range within the motorola
product family we've had the original
defiant we've had the defy+ and we've
also got the JCB edition and this is the
new entrant the slightly smaller 3.2
inch hvga display define mini it's got
the same ip67 rated protection so it's
designed to be lifeproof now little
disclaimer here it doesn't mean it will
live up to everything it is still
possible to damage it but the things
like water and dust that you may find
yourself near are less likely to damage
this phone than any others so it can
stand being immersed in water for a
short period of time we can see evidence
of this with you got this lockable back
cover on the back of the device here
which you can remove and under here
you've got the 1650 milliamp hour
battery you've got a standard sim card
slot you've got a micro SD card slot up
to 32 gigabytes incapacity we pop the
back cover on again you'll be able to
see that on the back we've got a 3
megapixel camera with LED flash it's not
going to blow you out the world but this
device is designed to offer portability
a good price and all-around good
performance it's got a 600 megahertz
processor on here and it's running
Android 2.3 so you've got all your new
usual sensors and what have you you've
got volume rocker keys a dedicated
camera button got a 3.5 millimeter
headphone jack on the top there and then
you've also got the micro USB port on
the side like so and you can see that
it's got to cover there for protecting
it from water and dust and what have you
so if you've been looking at the defy
range of devices and
thinking the others are either too
expensive or too big then the Defiant
mini could be a good option for you now
bit difficult to do a full product or of
it here we've got other videos on the
channel that demonstrate it but you can
see here we've got the usual Android
home screens with a bit of Motorola
customization one I want to show you is
just this here now I'm not sure how well
you can actually see that burst called
an activity graph and the idea behind
this is it will either what's designed
to be automatic but the icons here
change based on your interaction with
different applications so if you're
using one application more than another
the setup and the shortcuts here will
change based on those applications that
you're using and there is the option
here to do it for your contact as well
so if one week you're communicating with
five people regularly if the following
week cook connecting with five different
people these shortcuts here will change
and it's designed to make it easier for
you to interact with those contacts you
can also have a manual setup with this
sort of slightly different layout but in
a way that kind of defeats the point of
the set up we got there and the other
one is this running app that sort of
comes built in as standard so it's got
GPS Bluetooth Wi-Fi and what have you on
here and because it's kind of lifeproof
and motoring to see this being aimed at
people who are quite sporty and out
about so you're better see there we've
got to stop watch and we've got some
shortcuts to some other features there
the idea being you've got this you're
going to go out on your run you pop your
headphones in so you can listen to your
radio or you can listen to music that
you have stored on the device you can
start your stopwatch for your run but at
the same time you can scroll through and
see what the weather is like
you can access your music and control it
from the home panel as well you've got
your GPS location so you can see where
you're going and then you've got your
stopwatch again you've also got the
ability to customize this screen you got
the ability for a quick access to your
camera so you might be running along I
don't know along the country past and
you see something fantastic you just
keep running with this in your hands you
tap the camera button know where you go
and you press the dedicated camera key
and there you have it you can write as
captured that shot and you carry on your
running it's picking up your GPS
location the whole time in Italy so that
is the motorola defy mini i have had a
little sub halves on time and use with
it i'm quite impressed it's not my
particular favorite device but it
doesn't suit my needs i like it might
suit yours but all around it's a pretty
good performer it's not high-end
performance you know some people may
find the processor a little bit laggy
but if the main things are going to do
is call text messaging bit of web
browsing using it as a gps location to
land for your running in your outdoor
sports then all in all this is a very
good device and will live up to do those
environments a lot better than something
else that doesn't have the ip67 rating